take a look at that
[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be vlogging so it is currently 8:15 and
I am why are something very Christmassy
today but I just felt like wearing this
jump because I haven't worn it for a
while is and I haven't when it's
December I will sleep in back my friend
because I've just washed my hair and it
was all frizzy and everything so I'm
gonna go do my laundry now and I'm gonna
do both a white a black and a color wash
[Music]
the best time to eliminate in the
morning so it's empty and then you can
fill beautiful doing the laundry and no
one around judgey day even if this one
machine energy white dolphin color which
is really great and they put down one of
its due to various I just ran to you
grabbed this towel
[Music]
there we go and I'm gonna leave my
little laundry ball sitting down here
and people didn't usually mind you
leaving it here plus I'm using these
washing machines already it's no I got
to tell you I tripped over these stairs
go to any time it's because the sense is
that when you wanna live Halcon hours
passed and my first load of laundry is
done so I just need to go in and
transport everything into threes now and
during that time I ate some breakfast
which was really delicious
I'm loving yogurt at the moment so I had
some yogurt with some curacy Thin Mints
cereal because it's vegan and it's
Sunday and then I managed to finish off
my plan which is amazing I didn't think
I'd be able to do in half an hour but I
managed to you so when I go up I can
actually start writing the essay which
I'm excited about
1 2 3
ok so remaining I'm gonna have to make
sure not to do is paying for the wrong
driver because last time I let it run
and this is the second time cuz I did it
the first time as you want
and then last time I did on it paid for
that really laughed it on and then I
came down to collect it and it wasn't
drying because I put the wrong of them
which is such a waste of energy as well
[Music]
I've got 1 2 3
there we go the laundry is in the dryer
and that's gonna take 50 minutes so I
suppose that I should just aim to have
maybe like two paragraphs written but
not perfectly written within 50 minutes
not like half of my essay
by the way do you like my lovely t-shirt
it says choose kind alerts this is from
my teacher from school say shout out to
see you
well I've written two paragraphs as I
said I would but one of them was my
introduction and one of them was one
that I'd planned a bit and it was quite
an easy paragraph so I'm not sure would
you say that's productive 50 minutes I
got I got a page written which is quite
good about 400 words and now my time has
gone off so I'm going to go and get my
laundry yay okay I just put my rubbish
out and now I'm gonna go and collect my
stuff in the dryer I just thought that
because I was coming down anyway I might
as well bring all of my rubbish down to
put away I'm so bad I always put off
taking my rubbish down because I'm
running out of time and so I don't bring
it down when I'm going to latch it I'm
glad I got that done
okay so back up in my room I feel like
I'm actually really on the blocking game
today usually I am so inconsistent and I
just forgot to vlog halfway through I
have not done my laundry date in such a
long time this is why there's so much
stuff um yes I got lots of that put away
but I'm going to crack on do one
paragraph of this and or maybe I'll put
on a timer for 45 minutes and then after
45 minutes I'll put away the laundry I
feel like that's a pretty good way of
doing it because they literally just
breaking up every task every bit of the
essay that I'm doing with at all because
I'm staying productive I'm not going
okay I've written two and a half pages
of the essay now and now I'm gonna put
away the laundry also I'm really hungry
so I might put on my lunch now and I
don't have very much in like very much
at all
even though I did what I do have a lot
in but I just don't have anything fresh
and I definitely want to have vegetables
I think I'm gonna have soup but this is
a really nice organic split PC okay here
we go
[Music]
okay I haven't finished this I'm gonna
do another paragraph after I've eaten
lunch because otherwise I think the
break is gonna be just a bit too long
and I'd rather have more short breaks so
this is really stressing me out though
though there's so much stuff on the
floor okay it's half one and I'm four
pages in I've only got 300 words until I
reached the limit but I've got two
paragraphs after right so I'm gonna have
lots of cutting down to do but I knew
that that was gonna happen
and I'd rather write too much something
right too little if I'm honest I say
that even the hide I'm editing I'd much
rather writes
too little than too much this next
paragraph is my really long paragraph
just the plan for 680 words and that's
obviously gonna be longer and then I
just got my conclusion I feel like this
last paragraph I've done is a bit
wofully day and that's a whopping I'd
say only 200 words maybe I'm kind of on
a roll with this so I might start the
next paragraph and then get on with
tidying that up
[Music]
it's
okay I've written two thousand words in
total now and so I am going to put these
clothes away it's currently five to two
and I'm halfway through the paragraph
which I planned the really long one but
I've decided to split it into two
paragraphs because it was getting quite
long and is a bit too long and so I
finished the first one going to see the
second one then I think I'm gonna turn
my conclusion into another paragraph and
they'll just have a single concluding
sentence so I'd estimate that I'll
probably be working on this as in just
to get the first draft down for another
hour and a half and maybe my intention
wants to work on this would either so
I'm not I'm not feeling like I need to
rush or anything so I can get ready
I literally all I got to do today is do
this and then I've decided I'm going to
do chores as a break
[Music]
[Applause]
please please - it's time for me to move
it's just me following
[Music]
302 and I have just finished my last
paragraph I just need to do the
conclusion now which I said I might turn
into a paragraph in its own right I'm
really enjoying doing this essay but at
the same time I'm really looking forward
to having it finished because it's gonna
be a massive weight off my mind as soon
as this is done and I can focusing focus
on cutting it down I think though that I
am gonna take a break as before because
it's keeping my mind fresh so I'm going
to quickly wash up my bowl from lunch
because I didn't do that before and then
I might also just tidy up or and then I
meant quickly clean my bathroom sink as
well
[Music]
okay I'm finished which is a really
great feeling there's one line this quit
that I really want to include but I
don't know where to include it and there
was a moment I remember earlier Alvaro's
oh yeah this is a good place but then I
thought I'd use it later so I didn't put
it in so it's seven pages long and it's
two thousand eight hundred and sixty
words which to be fair isn't that bad
it's only three hundred and sixty over
which isn't that much tool and I know
that I've rambled a lot I'm going to
read through this once
it's 3:30 by the way so this didn't take
very long she's in conclusion so I'm
gonna read through it once just to see
how it sounds I'd like to read it aloud
just to get a feel for it and I'll just
make some little comments and notes or
things I want to either look into
further
or rephrase or I think could be cut out
and being so productive I love it when
you cross off a big task like this in
the public sphere and especially in
schools
[Music]
okay it's coach to five and I've just
gone through I've cut down got down 150
words which isn't that much and they've
also made a night of everything I need
to cite because I didn't sites I was
going along I just wrote so I need to go
in I need to cite
tonight I'm gonna put aside some time to
do that but I'm gonna play music while I
do it because it's nice and tedious
I don't link citing but you have to do
it yes so I've got 150 words left that I
need to cut down and I don't know what
I'm gonna cut I thought I had loads I
could cut but I really liked all of it
and I don't want to get rid of it okay
this is gonna see
[Music]
look at that change in lighting cuz it's
dark it's getting dark and okay so I
realize that I made a mistake with word
count I don't know why I thought this
because I know that you're allowed ten
percent over but for some reason I was
like oh you're allowed 25 percent over
so I thought I could do two thousand
five hundred but I couldn't do two
thousand two hundred so I had to cut it
down a lot more and I'm now on I'm now
fifty-six slides over um but I'm gonna
do my final edit tomorrow morning I'm
just gonna leave it for now but I'm
doing the referencing now which is such
fun doing Oxford referencing yeah I've
done three so far and I've got about 40
to go so let's get going
to music I am starving but I don't
really have anything in as I said so I
just finished off these baked beans
this is tinned asparagus and I just saw
it hit it up with some garlic and then
this is a kind of packets pilau rice it
looks good though I'm going to finish up
with my citations as I eat this I've
only got about five left to go and then
I'm done I say I'm done I'm not
completely done because there are a few
extra bits of research and in fact the
proctor where I think I'd quite like to
find a source that supports this so
after I've done this I'm going to finish
up for the day and maybe do this reading
that I need to do for tomorrow I don't
but I've been I haven't done it yet
because I've been focusing on this essay
[Music]
I'm kind of thinking there now shall I
just go through and like get as much
done today as I can because it would be
good just to get this completely done
and then submit it tomorrow morning I
might give myself a break from it
because I've been working on it a lot
and literally all day and then I'll come
back to it
hey it's 2014 and I did decide to
continue working on the essay so I've
just done all of the last bits of
research the one thing that I do want to
do is I've got this book out from the
library which is basically by Derrida
and I want to read that because I've
referenced something by Derrida but I
don't have anything to cite because I
just know about it it's something that I
learnt about a level last year so shout
out to mr. M for teaching us like this
because it's very interesting and yeah I
love that I love the concepts but I
haven't actually read anything by
Derrida on it I need to do that because
otherwise I'm just putting it in and
there's not really any backing so I'm
going to do that tomorrow because I feel
like that's going to take a while but
other than that I am all done and
somehow my word count is on 2158 so I'm
under and that gives me a little room to
play with as well and that's including
the title so I'm happy I can't believe I
managed to got all of it done today
yeah so I'll just give it a read over
tomorrow morning add in the stuff about
Jarrad oh it shouldn't take too long
it's just that I'm not really feeling up
to reading hardcore philosophy okay it's
just 10:10 I'm gonna get into bed now
I'm really sorry because I haven't
actually blogged since I finished my
essay I finished it at half 8:09 half
eight right because if you used it some
washing-up and then I be I just relaxed
in veg
I watched Jade's new Australia vlog
which was incredible if you haven't
watched them then you definitely should
because they're just so uplifting and
they just really make you smile like I
just feel so happy after watching it so
I recommend watching them going to get
to bed now and in the morning I've got
to finish that essay and do reading as I
said yeah thank you so much for watching
this video I hope that you enjoyed and I
you have
[Music]
you